week4.md, before:

## 2023-07-20
### Learnings
_(Describe your learning accomplishments and wins, as well as how you are planning to improve in specific areas)_

> This past week, we learned about database associations (has_many/belongs_to), authentication (JWTs, stateless web), and authorization


Udate this section with today's date and yoru content for th elearning and interesting thigns section. Potential things to include: 

- Big feelings! We're learning SO much, SO quickly - you're bound to feel SOMETHING
- What's something you were really excited to learn about this week? 
- Are there any other resources you're using outside of class to learn about coding or the tech industry? (Podcasts, YouTube, blogs, coding communities, meetup groups, etc) What do you find helpful from those resources? 
- Have you had any wins this week? Are you working on any cool projects outside of class? (Awesome Interest projects, terminal apps, etc.)

### Interesting things
_(List coding resources you have found and describe why they’re interesting)_


### (Optional) Add another section!
_(Have a funny joke, programming or otherwise? A funny meme you now understand better? A helpful video or a link to a tutorial, library, gem, etc. that you found interesting?)_

Commit message:

adds in header for week4

week4.md, after:

Go into your Github profile and click on the link to your `gists`. At the top of the page, click on the edit button (with the pencil icon), and then write your journal entry at the top of the file, under the document's header!

## 2023-07-20
### Learnings
_(Describe your learning accomplishments and wins, as well as how you are planning to improve in specific areas)_

> This past week, we learned about database associations (has_many/belongs_to), authentication (JWTs, stateless web), and authorization


Udate this section with today's date and yoru content for th elearning and interesting thigns section. Potential things to include: 

- Big feelings! We're learning SO much, SO quickly - you're bound to feel SOMETHING
- What's something you were really excited to learn about this week? 
- Are there any other resources you're using outside of class to learn about coding or the tech industry? (Podcasts, YouTube, blogs, coding communities, meetup groups, etc) What do you find helpful from those resources? 
- Have you had any wins this week? Are you working on any cool projects outside of class? (Awesome Interest projects, terminal apps, etc.)

### Interesting things
_(List coding resources you have found and describe why they’re interesting)_


### (Optional) Add another section!
_(Have a funny joke, programming or otherwise? A funny meme you now understand better? A helpful video or a link to a tutorial, library, gem, etc. that you found interesting?)_
